hi I'm Brent and I'm Rick and this is
the commentary track for going on an
Internet date well this is petrifying I
have no idea which of these girls is my
girl every new person who walks in could
be my date at least you have hope my
date canceled last minute so I'm just
standing here now last-minute cancel
it's one of the traditions in online
dating here we go huh in your dreams
I know it's so good wow look at that
hair it's like John Stamos good and look
at those arms
he has a man's body period I mean look
at his shoulders he looks like a
superhero and I look like a dumb Jewish
pencil that girl's too feminine for you
are you talking about will you like like
jack girls well first of all I don't
only like jack girls and secondly yeah I
want a girl who's ripped sorry
give me a girl with good arms in a
six-pack I want her to LeBron body you
know but it's I want a girl with a nice
ass because she squats not just because
she's gifted she's not a guy but no is
she deputy you telling me you don't like
that girl I think she's fine oh look at
her ABS uh you know a lot about strong
girls I find them to be an acquired
taste like you find a girl that could
bench 250 and she's hot next thing you
know I'm jerking off to girls that could
bench 600 and back to meeting girls
online I know it's crazy and I had a
date coming but that's the thing Brent
it's like a 24-hour night club you know
what I'm always at the party I know I
wake up at 8:00 a.m. next thing I know
I'm hitting on girls from my toilet hold
on a second when we just step back a
little bit look around you
she's single single single girl single
hard to meet women when you're on your
phone Brett I know I'm addicted ooh here
comes your girl now we should so can't
believe she's actually really hot I'm
Brent no no that sucked
yeah I'm right that's right Oh Rick hey
why are you
and all these pictures don't you say
it's the cute one you said that implies
that you're cute and I'm not now I know
that you're cute which let me tell you
something I already knew and now I know
I'm not cute and let me tell you
something I already knew I'm sorry does
this app have a rude filter I don't know
if it did I'll tell you one thing I
wouldn't never met this listen I should
really go you just don't look anything
like your pictures I apologize but is
Brendon single no what's you say yes yes
if you were hungry we just like we just
say just say thank you barbecue right
I'm sorry I told her you weren't single
bro yeah it's all good I got her number
right after this ends I know
watch this I think you're really pretty
and I would love if you would I would
love to have the opportunity for you
like for you to hold me pick me up abs
are the new tits you know it's better
what there's eight of them
[Music]